DOCS-236 Added directory structure and sample code for failover client (#24)
hazelcast/hazelcast-cloud-code-samples: client-failover/client-failover-sample-hazelcast5/docs/modules/ROOT/pages/failover-clients-with-hazelcast-cloud.adoc

[[step-3-testing]]
== Step 3. Verify Failover

Check that your failover client automatically connects to the secondary cluster when your primary cluster is stopped.

. Make sure that both Serverless clusters are running.
. Connect your failover client to the primary cluster in the same way as you did in <<step-1-setup, Step 1>>.
. Stop your primary cluster. From the dashboard of your primary cluster, select *Manage Cluster* > *Stop*. In the console, you'll see the following messages in order as the client disconnects from your primary cluster and reconnects to the secondary cluster:

** `CLIENT_DISCONNECTED`
** `CLIENT_CONNECTED`
** `CLIENT_CHANGED_CLUSTER`  

If you're using the `nonStopMapExample` in the sample Java client, your client stops. This is expected because write operations are not retryable when a cluster is disconnected. The client has sent a put request to the cluster but has not received a response, and so the result of the request is unknown. To prevent the client from overwriting more recent write operations, this write operation is stopped and an exception is thrown. 

[[step-4-exception-handling]]
== Step 4. Exception Handling

> Update the `nonStopMapExample` in your failover client to trap the exception that is thrown when the primary cluster disconnects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the `nonStopMapExample()` function in your failover client to trap the exception that is thrown when the primary cluster disconnects.
```

Author: Updated as requested.

. Add the following try-catch block to the `while` loop in the `nonStopMapExample()` function.
+
[source,java]
----
include::tutorials:client-failover-sample-hazelcast5:example$ClientWithSsl.java[tag=catch-exceptions,indent=0]
----

> . Repeat <<step-3-testing, Step 3>>. This time the client continues to write map entries after it connects to the secondary cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. <<step-3-testing, Verify your code again>>. This time the client continues to write map entries after it connects to the secondary cluster.
```

Author: Updated as requested.
